In this module,
we looked at the different tools that we can use to
build our .NET Core application.
These included Visual Studio 2019 and Visual Studio Code.
We are using the DynamoDB SDK for .NET.
This takes some of the challenges out of writing code to interact with DynamoDB.
We installed the AWS extension's .NET Core library that
extends the IServiceCollection interface.
This allows us to use dependency injection to get our AWS
credentials and to create our DynamoDB client.
Inside Visual Studio, we created a .NET Core Web API template.
This will be our starting point in the next module that we
will use to start writing code that will interact with our
MovieRank DynamoDB table.
When interacting with DynamoDB,
we need to have a set of credentials that allows us to gain
access to our DynamoDB table from our application.
Inside the AWS Management Console,
we created an IAM role and stored our access and secret keys
inside a credentials file located on our computer that our
application will read when it is run.
In the next module,
we will start adding the code needed to interact with DynamoDB
using one of DynamoDB's SDK for .NET models, the object persistence model.